Israeli forces have meanwhile continued
their raids in the occupied West Bank
killing at least six Palestinians two
were killed when the Israeli military
stormed the tarem refugee camp three
others were killed in an Israeli drone
strike elsewhere in the city one man was
also killed in tarim by Israeli forces
let's get more on this Zan basravi is in
rala for us zann what more do we know
about these ongoing raids that have been
taking place in the occupied West Bank
overnight
well tarim was definitely the major
flash point overnight uh in the occupied
West Bank we saw Israeli Special Forces
move in at around 10 p.m. local time
midnight GMT with a large Force
including bulldozers deploying snipers
on rooftops telling residents to stay
indoors not to come outside while the
military operation was ongoing it must
be said that operation continued into
the morning is still ongoing today what
we know so far as you said six people
killed killed uh overnight we know that
12 people were injured and four of them
remain in critical condition so it is
likely that that death toll could go up
in coming hours we know that at least
two of the of the victims were gunshot
wounds killed uh from gunshot wounds we
know that at least three of them were
killed in an Israeli drone strike
unclear if it was an unmanned a kamakazi
style drone or if it was a conventional
drone strike but we've seen drones being
used more and more in these overnight
raids in the last few weeks really
signaling the intensification of these
nightly raids since the War Began on
October 7th uh we know that those
bulldozers have been pulling up roads
and destroying surrounding
infrastructure sort of an ongoing
problem for these communities across the
West Bank when these raids go on and we
know that clashes were underway these
are areas where there are armed Fighters
Palestinian Fighters putting up
resistance residents of those areas are
pushing back often unarmed residents
Palestinians living in these areas
pushing back against these Israeli r and
overnight the Alexa martyr's Brigade
claimed to have used explosive devices
in tarim on Israeli positions and Zing
there was also a Palestinian killed at a
checkpoint around midnight last night
what were the circumstances around
that that is correct we're hearing this
morning again around midnight last night
in Bee hananon Village near Hebron
Israeli forces saying that an alleged uh
stabbing attack took place that a
Palestinian 20 years old approached a
checkpoint they say that the allegation
is that it was an attempted stabbing and
that the Israeli soldiers there shot and
killed this man his family was brought
in to identify him the body remains with
the Israeli forces uh and again this
stabbing these kinds of stabbing attacks
have taken place in the past we don't
know the circumstances exactly around
this but at around midnight the Israeli
forces say that at a checkpoint near
banoon Village a Palestinian man was
shot in an alleged stabbing incident
thank you for that Zan BVI there for us
with that update in
rala